>> Kyle: Because all languages
have type conversions,
that means all languages have
corner cases, including JavaScript.
It is interesting that people
like to use JavaScript's corner
cases as ammunition against
the language as a whole.
Just putting blinders on and
pretending that other languages
don't have those corner cases and
we can't make work videos about C++, for
example, cuz we definitely can, right?
It is impossible to design a system
that won't have corner cases.
JavaScript has some corner cases.
Rather than making wap videos about them,
we should learn those corner cases and
learn how to effectively manage and
work around them.
>> Speaker 2: Do they have more
corner cases than other languages?
>> Kyle: That's an interesting question,
but
not one that I think anybody
could effectively answer.
Because what is even more mean, and
we're just gonna like keep up account.
How can you tell whether this is
the distinct different quark or
the same corner case
from a different angle?
I'm not sure that you could
really do that sort of account.
And to the larger point of your question,
the only language that I even remotely
have understanding of is JavaScript.
So I can't tell you whether it's more or
less corner casey than Python.
But I know JavaScript has corner cases,
and I know you can work around them.
Here's an example of some
of these corner cases.
A lot of them have to do with numbers,
as I said.
Here we've got number of empty string,
remember that one,
that's the root of all evil.
We'll talk about that more in a second.
Knowles and
undefined have some weird corner cases.
Essentially a lot of the falsy
values becoming numbers,
those there were a lot
of the corner cases ar.
We could have eliminated most of
those if we just not made empty
string becomes zero.
Most of these would go away.
>> Kyle: Down at the bottom
there is an interesting example,
almost nobody ever does this.
But if you construct an instance of
the boolean object and you give it
the primitive value false, it is going
to behave as if it is truthy, because
we don't do a two primitive on it, we
just ask is it on the falsy list or not?
So it is a falsy object, right?
>> Kyle: Yet another illustration of why
you should never use those particular
fundamentals with the Nuki word.
>> Kyle: All right, let's talk about
that root of all coercion evil,
just to make sure we're
absolutely clear here.
Not only does the empty
string become zero, but
any string that's full of
white space also becomes zero.
Because the two number operations
first strips off all leading and
trailing whitespace before
doing its coercion.
So all examples of white
space strings of all forms,
still all end up producing that same zero.
>> Kyle: Literally, if I could time travel
and fix any one thing about JavaScript,
this is the thing I'd fix.
I'd go back and tell Brendon, no,
no, no, that's a terrible idea.
Don't make empty string become zero,
make it become name.
All these other problems
would fix themselves.
By the way, there are corner
cases that are not as obvious,
because we're not dealing
with our typical operations.
So, remember I said that I thought that
the numberification or numerification or
whatever that word is,
I'll decide on some word at some point.
But whatever that word is, to numbering
a boolean I said to you, 1s and
0s are a bad idea.
And probably, all of you said,
no, they're a great idea.
Well, here's one such example.
1 less than 2, we all know mathematically
that that is the case, and so
it makes sense that
JavaScript gives us a true.
2 less than 3 is also true.
But then we try 1 less than 2 less than 3,
and we get true, and
we think well JavaScript is just smart and
doing exactly the right thing.
Not exactly, because what's actually
happening there is an accident.
What's actually happening is that 1
less than 2 gets evaluated first,
which gets evaluated to true line 9.
And then because you have a non-numeric
being used with the less than operator,
it's gonna try to turn it into a number.
So it's gonna turn it into the number 1,
and
you accidentally get that 1 is less than
3, that's the reason why true works.
And accidents are not a good foundation
upon which to build your programs.
Cuz let's watch what happens
in the next example.
We try the 3 greater than 2, and
the 2 greater than 1, but oops,
3 greater than 2 greater than 1,
that fails.
Because 3 greater than 2 is true.
True greater than 1 is 1 greater than 1,
which is false.
>> Kyle: So
I think it's a terrible idea for
booleans to implicitly coerce
themselves to numbers.
And any programming style from 1970
onward, that has relied upon the ability
to take something that's boolean and
subtract or add it or something, I think,
has been taking advantage of that hack,
but basically making worse of code.
I would make the number coercion of
brilliant be name if I could fix things.